Fan Yueying
you
Why
Fan Yueying
you hit me
I'm your sister
What's wrong with hitting you?
Kuang Yi
Who asked you to be my fiancé?
Shouting to beat and kill
Lin Yang is a member of the Fan Group
The daughter’s fiancé
Miss Fan
are you mistaken
he is just a
A cute little talker
Don't you
I was deceived by him
ah
dog
It's worthy of screaming here
you
I remember them all
after
She is your boss
Who dares
Follow Fan Jian to cause trouble
I broke his legs
Fan Yueying
You really want it
for this person
Fall out with me
I think you might be
Wrong understanding
I just
Just stating the facts
bring it
look at this
What
KTV
Priced at a premium of 20,000 yuan
Bought it
the new boss is
July 21, 2017
Xu Qing
this
How is it possible?
Lin Yang
this
This is really what you bought for me
Xiaoqing
I said
won't let anyone
I'll bully you again
How about it
this gift
do you still like it
impossible
This is mine
green person
Why should he
It must be you
I warn you
If you dare to destroy
The marriage between the Fan family and the Zhao family
Dad will make you unable to eat
Walk around
Can't eat and walk around
Xiaoqing
I'll give it to your little brother again
A tip per person
How about it
One hundred thousand received by bank card
this
it's true
This is better than when I was at Fan's house
You can earn more in one year after working for thousands of years.
Hello, Mr. Xu
Call someone quickly
You will go east in the future
We will never go west
BAOAN
Fan Jian
Now
Should do the math
between the two of us
Pay it forward
What are you thinking about?
in his own way
Treat the other person's body
I'm warning you
If you dare to touch me
My dad won't let you go
do you think
I will be afraid of your father
never mind
After all he is my family
For my sake
Give him a break
Even if I owe you a favor
How about it
Wow
by figure
Such a beautiful beauty
Owe a favor
It is indeed better than beating Fan Jian to death.
This bastard feels so much better